this video was sponsored by twitch Yuki
if you want your precious card back
you'll have to do is be and if you lose
I get your soul I accept your challenge
it's time to do oh whoa wait you did he
see he gets his soul yeah that's right
but don't do that you what why would you
do that my grandfather gave me that car
Joey it's precious to me I just bought
you a booster pack and target one time
that that card isn't special or anything
you can buy a single of that card for
like fifty cents on Amazon don't worry I
believe in the heart of the cards
I won't lose and every time you lose
Life Points fifty buzzsaws will come
closer and closer and the loser will be
hacked into pieces you are you crazy
what is this sauce you're on and
that's time passes your platform will be
lowered into a pit of lava the clock is
ticking Yuki I wouldn't have it any
other way
wait you are you getting off on the
danger of the situation
maybe oh you are you serious
don't kick save me which is doing a
Yukio marathon of all the episodes and
it's going on right now and it ends
November 7th check out the link below if
you want to watch all that you heal
goodness it's time to duel